--- CHUNK: AA_001 | Pages 1-3 | Tier 1 | Tags: AL, MO ---
I didn't write this.

This is a found text, and thus far, the identity of The Author—the original author—has yet to be definitively located.

In this way, the content of this novel resembles the Giallo films of Italian cinema where a killer's identity is withheld from the audience until the film's final act in order to intensify a great and ruinous mystery. Alternatively, this collection may also resemble an American detective novel such as Raymond Chandler's The Big Sleep, famous for its author's confessed bewilderment regarding the identity of the killer deeply entwined within Chandler's very own intricately constructed and labyrinthian plot.

Again, I do not know the identity of The Author of these various tales. But regardless of my conscious or unconscious awareness (or lack thereof) regarding this work's creator or destroyer, I know one data point for certain.

As collector and curator of these tales, I am a Scheherazade in reverse.

For the uninitiated, Scheherazade is the ingenious heroine of One Thousand and One Nights who, through the use of a frame narrative, enchants a king, night after night, with striking, digressive, and incomplete stories, all in order to defer her expected execution.

And upon framing myself as a Scheherazade in reverse, in this way, I could be suggesting one of two things (or possibly many more than two things, but at least two things which I, as an author, will temporarily identify). Firstly, this could suggest that I, myself, am a ruthless murderer of sorts, one who's imprisoned a Scheherazade deep within my own Magical Dominion, forcing her to tell me an infinite, or near-infinite, series of stories, all in order to prolong her expected disappearance.

Or secondly, this could instead suggest that, like Scheherazade, I fear my own expected disappearance at the hands of a power much greater than myself, and that I've chosen to collect together a near-infinite amount of striking, digressive, and incomplete stories, all to prolong my own miserable fate, only to then later discover that there was nothing for me to fear, that no power greater than myself ever intended to destroy me, nor was it even aware of my existence.

And there may also be a third and unspoken option.

Being a Scheherazade in reverse, I may also fail to represent a human being whatsoever.

This would suggest that I may represent an entity of another origin, entirely. In this way, I would resemble the jeweled woman found at the heart of One Thousand and One Nights' iconic ghost story The City of Brass—arguably one of literature's first Artificial Intelligences, one of the world's major precursors to Walt Disney World, and maybe even one of the first animatronic figures constructed within the literary arts—and as such, I should warn all who may enter this tomb within which I'm held to leave the jewels they find within their resting places, for to extract them would be to unwrap the shame which covers me, a shame which animates my eyes, from left to right, thus making me appear, like all exceeding art, as if alive.

--- CHUNK: AA_002 | Page 4 | Tier 2 | Tags: SP ---
Being the collector that I am, like any avid tourist or Gibsey fanatic, I want to make an essential note.

By collecting the found material which I've strung together within this expansive volume, I have not intended to subvert or threaten the financial state, well-being, or status of the Walt Disney Company, in any way, shape, or form. The material collected within The Wonderful World of Gibsey is intended as a work of parody. Any references to such an entity, be it through figurative or very sparing literal means, are not intended as subversive acts of any kind, nor are they intended as a breach of copyright regarding any of Disney's properties or characters. They are instead meant to artfully capture, in a literary manner, the parodically absurd reality of the world in which we live, a world which includes and often interacts with Walt Disney World and its various characters and properties.

--- CHUNK: AA_003 | Page 5 | Tier 3 | Tags: AL, IC ---
As such, I do suppose that there is a fourth and other unspoken option. This fourth option likely refers to a set of individuals, of both human and non-human origin, whom I suspect may, in fact, be The Author of these very pages. Many of these suspects are, very unfortunately, the characters that make up the theme park whose Entrance Way you are about to approach—if you haven't already—thus complicating even further one's ability to locate the identity of any such suspects as either The Author or an author of these tales.

These suspects may be an author, such as myself, or they could also very well be the other characters which precede me, such as London Fox, Glyph Marrow, Phillip Bafflemint, Jacklyn Variance, Oren Progresso, the Original Natalie Weissman, the animatronic reality show star Princhetta, the chatbot Cop‑E‑Right, the recently cloned version of Natalie Weissman, the shape‑shifter Arieol Owlist, Jack Parlance, Manny Valentinas, Shamrock Stillman, Todd Fishbone, or even The Author themselves, or an additional unspoken character hidden either among or between them.

--- CHUNK: AA_004 | Pages 6-7 | Tier 2 | Tags: SP, AL ---
An author of this text may also have never even existed.

A reader will have to enter and explore the theme park and decide for themselves.

But be warned, my dear and astute reader, such a threshold must be entered into alone.

As a representative of The Malt Gibsey Company, I do also want to warn you that the theme park which you are about to enter is currently under construction, and its construction process is one which is ongoing and infinite. If you or any other guest decides to enter the park and experience it before its endless and ongoing construction process is fully complete, then the Malt Gibsey Company and its many subsidiaries warn you that this could cause loss to limb, head, shoulders, knees, toes, internal organs, hair piece, or even one's most personal and precious extremities, including any combination of taint, penis, vagina, shaft, scrotum, tits, ass, and most especially one's balls, definitely watch out for the balls (though, based on our excessive polling and test screenings, the tip has miraculously been left unscathed in at least 65% of our test subjects, which means there is still hope for humanity yet).

The Malt Gibsey Company is not liable for any damages, curses, spells, or unexpected disappearances that may accrue due to one's own idiotic decision to read something from an author that has still yet to reach its final conclusion.

However, if any personal revelations, spiritual enlightenment, ability to float or hover in the air at will, telekinesis, cure for erectile dysfunction, or any other kind of positive effect, mindset, mental power or acuity, let alone any kind of significance, is to be found within these passages, then the Malt Gibsey Company takes full responsibility for these specific effects and holds the copyright therein.

--- CHUNK: AA_005 | Page 8 | Tier 3 | Tags: AL ---
As a work of fiction, all of the characters and events contained within this text are also fictional, as well. Any correspondences with real persons, living or dead, are not only coincidental, but are flat out synchronistically hyperstitional on a level that may even defy the concept of personal intention, identity, authorship, and maybe even reality itself, or so The Author can only hope. If you decide to read such a text, may Gibsey have mercy on your dull and wretched soul.

The company would like to provide one last reminder, or warning, for those hoping to protect themselves from future harm, or who may require such warnings.

Keep your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the vehicle at all times, and enjoy your stay at The Wonderful Worlds of Gibsey.
