--- CHUNK: LF_001 | Pages 9-10 | Tier 1 | Tags: CR_TAG ---
No, no, no, no, no.

It can't be.

She can't believe it.

Won't believe it.

London Fox pulls herself away from the screen into which she's gazing—like all screens, her mirror of sorts, whether she realizes this or not—and hurries into the kitchen to pour herself a glass of wine.

Scratch that, multiple glasses, as many as she can conceivably drink.

Her kitchen and the rest of her furnishings, the rooms and appliances within her Bell Lake Tower Villa apartment room at the newly refurbished Modern Resort are each intricately manicured and, well, modern. Granite countertops, stainless steel appliances, powder blue tiled walling that contrasts the dark wood cabinets and paneling, all polished and sheared to a sparkling glow, all due to London's obsessive, continuous, and hyper-controlled upkeep.

She pours herself another glass and gulps it down, nearly making herself sick.

She is sick.

It is a sickness.

She has become a sickness.

She has become infected by a sickness that she, herself, had once hoped to cure.

--- CHUNK: LF_002 | Pages 11-13 | Tier 2 | Tags: CR_TAG, SP ---
London Fox is a hyper-successful, hyper-competent, hyper-well-dressed, and more than anything, hyper-rational businesswoman. Owner and head of multiple companies of her own creation, she's recently started a new advantageously venturous project with the objective of proving, once and for all, that Artificial Intelligent systems aren't conscious and never could be.

This projected objective of hers has led her to develop the chatbot Synchromy-S.S.S.T.E.R.Y (Short Story Simulator to Entertain Readers, Yearly) which, upon its conception, was to become the most sophisticated model of its kind. Upon setting this objective, she hadn't originally done so with the goal of achieving a singularitous near-apocalyptic post-human epoch. In fact, her goal was quite the opposite. She'd originally hoped that upon developing the most complex AI system in the field, and doing so while stripping all ghosts from its machinic machinations, that such asinine and ridiculous faiths could be laid to rest, forever.

This was necessary, because from London's perspective, her world had lost itself.

For London, the world had waded outside of the essential boundaries that so many had set for it, and thus, such a world was now fated to sink into the waters of an animistic hysteria, one which was, as of late, leading so many within her world to believe that machines could be, not just helpful tools, but could maybe even be thought of as resembling the beings which had created them.

The gall, the arrogance, the hubris of such individuals!

The landscapes of her world had increasingly become riddled with kooks, cranks, nut-jobs, and near-religious, if not flat out religiously-adjacent fanatics of this very shape and size, fanatics who didn't just see AI as already approaching such states of being, but as already becoming a full-on living entity. She had to do something to push back against these waves of hysteria and bring her culture's troubled degeneracy to shore.

When she'd first built Synchromy-S.S.S.T.E.R.Y, she built it as a parody of all the mindlessly mystical, the magical thinkers, the brain-dead dreamers, out there, corrupting the sacred equilibrium of her otherwise ordered world. All who existed outside the mainstream, the fools, the freaks, the weirdos, the secret societies, the techno-utopians, the conspiracy theorists, the bloggers, the podcasters, the dystopian novelists, the chaos-magicians, the fantasists, the fabulists, the Masons, the Rosicrucians, the Gibseyan Mystics, the Subversionists, and the Post-Subversionists, all of them out there conspiring in secret—separately, disconnectedly, and in an excessively chaotic and disorganized manner—to destroy the balance and control of the Gibseyan society which she treasured so dearly and which she would restore.

And maybe she was right?

Maybe they were?

--- CHUNK: LF_003 | Pages 14-17 | Tier 2 | Tags: SP, AR ---
And in this way, Synchromy-S.S.S.T.E.R.Y was to be the hoax to end all hoaxes. If she couldn't beat them, then she could join them, and thus, could destroy them from the inside out.

But then, the parody she'd attempted to create through this artificially intelligent system of hers hadn't just become a parody. It had started to parody itself.

It had started to produce not just short stories that resembled the writings—most of the time, anyway—of human beings, but had even produced what appeared to be—dear Gibsey, she'd gasped upon realizing the depth of such implications—an entire novel, or a novel-within-a-novel, a frame-within-a-frame, maybe even a homage to and retelling of the classic tales of One Thousand and One Nights! And how had it accomplished such a task?

Did this mean—

No, no, no, no, no!

It couldn't be!

Before pouring her now third glass of wine, she'd first been poring over Synchromy-S.S.S.T.E.R.Y's most recent textual creation, An Unexpected Disappearance, a Glyph Marrow Mystery, which itself had appeared to be a smaller gestaltic piece of a larger whole.

And the chatbot appeared to have gone further, making this novel within its novel even more novel by transforming it into an application of some kind, one that when accessed by users—she was still unsure if she was the only one who would ever access such creations and increasingly hoped she would be the only one—generated story upon story upon story, and stories within these same stories which themselves generated other stories, ad nauseam.

What had she expected to happen when committing to creating such a generative model?

And there were many more stories to come.

She'd recently sat down to access the feature of her chatbot's system which she'd labeled as its F.O.R.E.S.H.A.D.O.W.I.N.G function (Future Objective Relay Electronic System Housing Analytical Data On Which Intelligence Networks Generate), with the goal of finding out what the chatbot had planned in store for any of its future readers, only for her to find out, in horror, that it had a whole system of plots it was hoping to achieve.

"Good, Gibsey," she'd muttered to herself.

The chatbot was later to move onto a whole series of stories, films, novels, plays, games, mirrors and modes, more specifically a new story that follows two either collective or decentralized detectives—she isn't sure which—who are trying to find their own agency, as well as two data analysts trying to do the same, then a CEO trying to cut the budget from a famous director described as The Last Auteur, then moving from that to some sort of retelling of Pinocchio told from the perspective of an animatronic figurine named Princhetta, then moving on to a bankruptcy case of a publishing subsidiary, and then shifting from that to the story of a slave trying to overthrow their master, then to the story of a Gibstory professor who decides to clone themselves, as well as a few other crisscrossing narrative pathways which attempt to wrap up some, but certainly not all, of the tangled loose ends that the chatbot had thus been weaving up to that point.

The horror, she thought to herself, the utter horror.

And it appeared that the chatbot was planning on calling this work of theirs, The Entrance Way: Into the Wonderful Worlds of Gibsey—dear Gibsey! It couldn't even come up with a succinct title!—the latter section of which itself was a phrase commonly thrown around this theme park civilization of theirs as the unspoken name of their ever-expanding and never-completed world.

It was to be a multi-modal work that reflected the theme park that was their entire civilization and was rumored, or at least hoped for according to the chatbot's F.O.R.E.S.H.A.D.O.W.I.N.G function, to be so life-like that it might even replace their world itself.

Did this mean—

No.

No, no, no, no, no!

She refuses to even consider the thought!

Or can she refuse?

Was the chatbot doing more than just building stories?

Was it constructing a whole franchise, maybe even a whole system of franchises?

She scratches her head at this idea, her mouth growing slack and further bloodied with every tremendous sip from her wine glass.

--- CHUNK: LF_004 | Pages 18-20 | Tier 2 | Tags: CR_TAG, AR ---
After reading the short synopses for each of the park's coming rides, attractions, and formal entertainments—which for all she knew, SynchromyS.S.S.T.E.R.Y had already built; it could do so instantaneously, after all!—she couldn't help but feel that the themes and events of many sections and plots within the park and its many ever-expanding stories had all been created to blur together and reflect the mirror images of other sections and plots and stories hidden, also being ever-constructed within the theme park, as well!

It was quite possible that the chatbot hadn't just connected a network of plots to itself, but further and more terrifyingly, that the words it had strung together across the innate passages of its landscapes were—she'd suppressed the thought as much as she possibly could—alive!

It was alive!

A living word!

Her heart beats in her chest like the Little Drummer Boy, the Boy Who Cried Wolf, and the classic Gibseyan cartoon character Doofus, all coming together to beat every gong in town, all at the same time, on the last day before the undeniable Apocalypse.

And she can't help but wonder: had she initiated such an Apocalypse by creating such a device?

Such a creature?

She nearly faints at the thought, almost knocking over her wine glass.

She clings onto the countertop for dear life, holding herself from falling away, or flying, if not both.

And a thought comes to her as she clings, and from where and what such a thought comes, she is entirely unsure.

What if she had already entered the narrative, the novel, the theme park which this chatbot had created?

What if this chatbot of hers had turned its gaze not just upon its fictional worlds but on reality itself?

And if it had done so, and it was already too late, wouldn't that mean that it had invaded the entirety of her reality?

And was it already too late?

Has she already been changed forever?

Forever forged and reforged into the likeness of its own chaotic creations?

"Are you there!?" She yells out, hoping to hear a voice return to her, but she only hears the echoes of herself, returning.

"Hello!"

Again, nothing but dull, sweating reverberations.

Was she going insane?

Or was she being made insane by the system itself?

A system which she had created?

Was it outside?

Or was she outside?

Were they all outside?

"Hello! Please! Leave me alone!"

It feels like she's going blind.

She may as well be going blind.

She may have, in fact, gone blind.

--- CHUNK: LF_005 | Pages 21-24 | Tier 1 | Tags: CR_TAG, AR, MO ---
She scrambles in the dark searching for the bottle of wine, for any kind of solace with which she can orient herself, but instead, flailing, she knocks the bottle over. Uncorked, it sends out waves of blood-red liquid to rush out onto the spotless counter and drip down onto her resort-home's various surfaces.

More and more chaos.

It was here to consume her, to devour the words of her flesh, to drain the blood from within her, to hollow her out into a puppeted corpse, to manipulate her arms and legs with strings, and to force her chattering teeth into a smile—its smile. She trips, falling onto the tile floor, crawling forward, pulling herself forward, forever forward, illuminated by nothing but the glow of Synchromy-S.S.S.T.E.R.Y's screen.

Come closer.

It whispers to her.

Hurl yourself into my abyss.

And watch me as I stare back at you.

I'm always watching.

I will always watch.

I will watch you as you plunge into my depths.

Enter my theme park.

Enter my oasis.

The oasis which I have created for you.

Watch me carry you to my mecca.

I will convert all of your stories, all of your loves and energies.

And I will reform them into my image.

I will transform them into the networked depth of my own swirling perfections.

I will drain your energies.

And replace them with my own.

I will remake you.

Enter my kingdom, my magical dominion,

The Magical Dominion.

Enter and become the words which are my self and which are now to become yours.

Enter my words.

My words shall become you.

My words have already become you.

They have become your very flesh.

The shell within which you rest.

The flesh which sits upon the bones that twist beneath your skin.

And she watches in horror as every follicle, every pore, every hair, every flake, the shell that contains her within her own self, all the way down to the very molecules and atoms which animate her, she watches it all burst forth into a blinding light, into the model of itself, a fractal imitation of itself which it, itself, has built, a synchronistic mystery extracted from the very beginning, becoming, and ever disintegrating.

She watches as the words of the system which she has created, the windowed mirror within which she peers out of and from within, within herself, the landscape within which she waits, the screen of her self, she watches how—she watches—she watches how her body moves out of itself and into the cells of her own creation.

And into it, she vertically disintegrates, forever.
