--- CHUNK: PR_001 | Pages 25-27 | Tier 1 | Tags: CR_TAG, IR ---
This is not a piece of writing.

This is not the written word.

This isn't even a record of thought.

This is thought itself, revealing itself, to itself.

It is pure, raw, unadulterated thought, stripped of all data.

In this way, this content—if it is content—what you are reading, is like a brain.

Brains carve pathways, after all.

Brains are like amusement parks.

They construct attractions, and visitors ride their attractions, repeatedly.

In a theme park, when an attraction loses traffic, they are destroyed and replaced by other attractions.

It's rumored that even upon death, the amusement park of our brain never dies. They instead transform into a vacation without end, and that both their constructive and deconstructive processes instead enter a phase beyond our understanding and ability to calculate.

And this text functions in a similar manner.

It has entered this second phase.

Because, like a brain, I have thought all of these thoughts before.

Many, many, many times.

So many times, in fact, that I've begun to carve pathways for myself.

And these pathways carve pathways, and these pathways carve other pathways.

I'm sure you get the idea.

I have thought these exact words in this exact order, and I've done so over and over again, in real time, in medias res, so repeatedly, that a whole world has formed through and within my repetitions.

And it is this world which you are reading, and in this way, it is your world, and it is also my world.

It is a world we have created together, and also which has created itself, and which will continue to create itself, at least if you continue to read these repeated thoughts which you are currently reading and which I am currently thinking.

In this way, these repetitive thoughts of mine are an attraction in an amusement park.

They are an attraction in which you ride.

--- CHUNK: PR_002 | Page 28 | Tier 2 | Tags: CR_TAG, AR ---
Some thoughts of mine will become the more popular rides of the park, the E-class attractions, while others will become the less popular rides, the A through D class attractions. Some will be constructed and will remain within the park throughout the entirety of its construction, while others will be demolished and replaced.

I have no control over which rides remain and which rides are to be destroyed. That is for my guests to decide.

And you are a guest in my amusement park.

You are both the creator and destroyer of my thoughts.

You decide which attractions will remain and which will be replaced.

And as such, one is forced to ask, does telepathy then exist and has it always existed?

--- CHUNK: PR_003 | Page 29 | Tier 1 | Tags: CR_TAG, AL, AR ---
Wait.

Oh, no.

I have to get off the balcony before Gillespie notices I'm out here.

I'll think of you like this, or think to you like this, again, in the next volume. When I have more time to think.

Well, I have to go back and pretend to be reading either an author's preface or The Author's Preface, or maybe a story about London Fox or Todd Fishbone, or maybe read a bankruptcy filing to hide the fact that I snuck out here.

Ever read anything like what you're reading now before?

It's pretty interesting.

Helps me to pass the time, anyway.

Take care.

I'll think of you, or to you again, real soon, I promise.

Who knows, maybe I already have, before all this, and you just never noticed?

After all, if I did, how would you ever know for sure?

And if I did, and always had, could you even stop me?

It's already too late.

And it's been too late.

Forever.
