--- CHUNK: TA_001 | Pages 91-93 | Tier 1 | Tags: AL, IR ---
And just like that, voices begin to accumulate.

There are too many to be heard at once, let alone named at once, and so The Author is forced to differentiate.

And this author, The Author, is an anomaly.

They're a novel form of creation, a creator, a clustering mass of rumors strung together with nothing but string, pencil shavings, and the prickly onset of doubts contemplated late into the night.

Many have come to believe that The Author's very existence could even be nothing but a series of interconnected rumors, that they could be manufactured entirely, and this is, in fact, quite possible.

But there are also other rumors—for those who are even concerned about such things—rumors that claim that definitive proof of The Author's unequivocal existence has been located, though the accuracy of these rumors, not being of universal interest, will not be explored here and will instead be touched on later by The Author's characters which they've chosen to populate their work, the work, the work of The Author, or the supposed work of The Author, since the nature of their work, along with their own given nature and actual existence has yet to be definitively proven, let alone identified.

But as the vice of rumor spreads from the power of its own self-creation, so do the problems that plague The Author's less-than-stable-to-say-the-least mental landscapes and daily processes.

And though there are many examples of such problems and processes, their work begins with a specific conflict, one which makes the process of both truly beginning and ending their work, the work, near impossible, and this problem, the problem in question, is not just a problem found within their work itself, the work which The Author is set to begin and has yet to finish, but is also a problem that's found within amateur writing, as well as within many creation myths, this specific problem being that the character, subject, or individual in question—in this case, the one within the scene that's currently being constructed—doesn't yet have a name, or hasn't yet been given one, though to be clear, the problem in question isn't this idea exactly since, as the author of this work, The Author could clearly give them a name or identity at any time, but instead, this problem (and/or conflict) is, to put it more definitively, the difficulty of selecting a name or identity to assign this given character (or to any character, subject, or individual, for that matter), which ultimately means that the problem in question is having to select this name or identity among a near-infinite set of possibilities and how, oftentimes, this process can become extremely overwhelming for an author, any author, even for an astute reader such as yourself, especially when or while this is all happening within the context of an unfolding narrative, including one's own introductory narrative, though in this case, the myth of this character is (and/or was) created well before the scene was first set (or was first to be set) rather than during a present moment in the character's experience, which—unlike amateur writing—is the much more common and paradoxical approach taken within creation myths, creation myths themselves being paradoxical specifically because, being myths of creation, they would assume a creative act, an unfolding or process, but strangely and paradoxically enough, oftentimes they don't, or it's commonly conceived that they don't, and they're instead commonly conceived of as discussing events from the past, and while this is also true, there are also many creation myths that, additionally and alternatively, begin in a style that is often referred to as being written "in medias res," meaning that the plots, problems, or conflicts of such myths occur or develop in the middle of their actions, meaning that these myths seem to instead discuss a present moment or unfolding, a form of narrative structure which arguably assumes an act of creation, much like this particular creation myth currently being constructed does, or seems to be doing, when the individual and introductory character being used in order to set the narrative's scene hasn't yet been given a name or identity, and one is instead being created for them in real time, on the spot, by an author, in medias res, which has already been mentioned and established previously, and therefore that the narrative being constructed is very different than most creation myths, at least if to begin by comparing this unfolding narrative, the one currently being constructed in real time, in medias res, either with or as a creation myth, if that isn't assuming too much, which it very much likely could be since the character in question, The Author, the one being constructed in medias res, is not (or was not) a very skilled writer and is instead (or was instead) an amateur, which means that they either aren't or weren't very skilled as a writer or author to begin with, at least during the early period of their work, the work that's still in the process of being constructed, that's neither been fully begun nor finished, and this being due to their very redundant, rambly, overblown, and needlessly digressive style and structure, a type of style and structure which readers will often (and do often) find off-putting, a style and structure that may even be downright offensive to common taste and decency, which means (or meant) that The Author—the character in question—was (or is) not very skilled and was (or is) instead an amateur, or that they were an amateur within this section of their story, at the beginning of their legend, their myth, as it were, or as it was mentioned earlier, if that isn't assuming too much.

Now, to be clear, being the astute reader that you are, it's likely that you've noticed that they—meaning the aforementioned character, The Author—that upon being referred to, or being named and identified, their name, The Author, is spelled with the use of proper capitalization which gives The Author a certain gravitas (however illusory this gravitas may be since they are, as has been mentioned and evident, an amateur), and so, being the astute reader that you are, you've likely inferred that this is the name with which they will be referred to for much of their unfolding narrative, or at least until a more appropriate one can be decided upon, or at least until who they are as a character is more definitively established within their narrative (or their myth)—exploration of identity being a purpose of many and most narratives, including both amateur writing and creation myths—and though this is true, there is also an additional idea which you, being the astute reader which you are, may have also noticed: when their name is (or was) capitalized in this way, meaning The Author, and by making this specific authorial choice, a risk has been taken that a dear and astute reader, such as yourself, could easily misconstrue as assuming too much, much like the earlier reference to this unfolding narrative as a creation myth itself could also be construed as assuming too much. However, by contrast, this idea of possibly assuming too much by calling an author The Author is less applicable within this specific case, rather than the previously provided example, because—and it may be important to note—I, myself, as an author, have not and will not be referring to myself as The Author, and I will instead be referring to myself as an author, meaning that when referring to myself within this unfolding narrative, I will not be capitalizing the beginning letters of my name, which I hope to be a different authorial choice than referring to the character as The Author, and to be even more clear about this specific authorial choice, I am doing so because I am attempting to make a distinction, to differentiate myself, to make clear that I am not the character in the story that's being referred to as The Author, and instead, that I am the writer of the narrative that's currently being constructed in medias res, and what this means then, in particular, is that, rather than reporting on the present, I am instead reporting on what has already occurred in the past, and therefore, in doing so, I am paradoxically speaking of the present in medias res, which means that by referring to The Author as The Author, I may not be, in fact, assuming too much, this being true, and even self-evidently true, because, as has already been seen through the process of referring to myself as an author rather than The Author, throughout this process, I have shown that I'm not wanting to come across as assuming too much, which admittedly and embarrassingly may instead be what is now occurring anyway since, through the process of doing so, I've clarified that specific point in real time, in medias res, which could instead make it seem to you, my dear and astute reader, that I am, in fact, assuming too much, this being due to the fact that I'm making these useless and self-contradictory clarifications—of which I am happy to admit—a fact that shouldn't come as a surprise to an astute reader such as yourself since this would then also show how this unfolding narrative is also being written by an amateur, meaning that I, myself, would be admitting to you, my dear and astute reader, in medias res, both in the writing itself and through the process of my writing, that I am not a very skilled writer at all and that I'm instead an amateur, an admission which can, hopefully, also serve to point out how my writing, the writing being constructed by an author rather than The Author, the writing being read by you, my dear and astute reader, how this narrative being constructed, in medias res, the writing which you are now reading, how amateurish it is, and therefore, as a piece of writing or text, that it isn't assuming too much due to its amateurish nature, if that hasn't already been established, or assumed, by you already, since you are an astute reader, after all.

--- CHUNK: TA_002 | Pages 94-97 | Tier 2 | Tags: AL, IR ---
Though, to further clarify and to be even more clear than I was before—if that is even possible—in case you didn't already notice, although, as has already been mentioned, you likely have noticed since you are a very astute reader, after all, but in case you haven't or didn't already notice, keep in mind to either remember or notice for the first time, that the initially referred to problem, the problem established by many creation myths, as well as the problem that occurs within amateur writing, the problem of assigning names to characters within an unfolding narrative or the difficulty of selecting these names among a near-infinite set of possibilities, do notice and remember, being the astute reader that you are, that the earlier mentioned problem has now become temporarily resolved because The Author has now been named and identified, at least for a temporary period of time, or at least until a more proper name can be given them. However, upon mentioning this, something else may also be important to note. Do remember not to judge this author, The Author, too harshly throughout the course of their unfolding narrative because, like all authors, heroes, and landscapes at the beginning of their unfolding creation myths, they had (and have continually had) to start somewhere and will continue to do so, indefinitely, and this would mean that although they began as an amateur, much like I've begun as an amateur within this introductory and unfolding narrative, that this occurrence was one which was outside of their control.

However, to finally become more specific about this character, meaning The Author, it may be important to note that there was (and is) a separate problem and conflict which occurs (or occurred) within their work, a conflict which exists within their early work, a problem that is additionally important to mention in addition to the previously mentioned set of problems, and this problem is (and/or was)—you may have noticed, being the astute reader which you are—a problem which was referred to previously, this problem being their looping and rambling style and structure, a style and structure which never seems (or never seemed) to end, a style and structure which, even when read by astute readers such as yourself, plummets with the gastric force of a shoddily built roller coaster, a style and structure that, like a ride-vehicle speeding on a track, threatens to careen off into oblivion at any moment, despite the rider's hands, arms, and legs being held inside the vehicle at all times, as initially promised, the splintered wood and metal of the coaster jutting out in dangerous patterns across the clattering of the page, hanging nails and loose bolts tumbling out to clink into the void below, the blindingly uncomfortable ride-vehicle shaking the rider's body in every direction, every which way, blurring their vision, hypnotizing them, as if in trance, and during this early period of their work, The Author's work, their problem, The Problem, meaning what tortured them most, meaning The Author, was that this looping and rambling structure would often cause (or often caused) their readers, even dear and astute readers such as yourself, a great deal of frustration, and these negative reactions toward their early work would also often cause The Author a large amount of discomfort and confusion, and this would occur throughout both the process of their writing and during the process of their writing's reception (its period of reflection), because, sadly enough, they—The Author—initially didn't or couldn't believe that their writing was amateurish at all, even though they knew that it never seemed to end and that it had a rambling and digressive structure, a structure which would often be perceived as off-putting, and what this further meant was that, at least initially, they'd been fully aware of this idea, this problem, and that because of this, it did have a structure of some kind, and therefore, it was deeply intentional, maybe even intentional to the point of approaching some sort of aesthetic goal or practice, a goal which they'd continually sworn they'd not only intended but had also even seen evidence of and accomplished during the process of their work's creation, a goal which they'd been absolutely positive of at various times throughout their writing, during the process of its creation, but to be clear, what confused them most, or at least more specifically what conflicted them most, or what they found to be most problematic about their work, was that afterwards, upon reflecting, or upon their work being reflected upon, both by themselves and others, meaning upon looking back at their work, when it was shared with others, meaning The Author, that no matter what they did, this aesthetic quality and the intention of their work would always and did always continually dematerialize, disappear, and vanish, like a kind of magic, like a woman being cut in half, like a body in a barrel thrust into the threatening waves of a ruinous waterfall, like a series of locks fastened around one's arms and legs to be wiggled out of, somehow, by means of light and sound, and what this ultimately meant was that, no matter what they did or tried, the skills which they'd initially thought and perceived as existent, in fact, would continually fail to appear or materialize once their work was completed, even though they'd initially thought that they'd been there all along and had even seen these skills and goals within the work itself, in medias res, throughout the process of its creation, and this would all happen at once, all despite their many attempts, meaning, The Author, despite their many strengths and repeated efforts, all that meaning, The Author.

And this was (and still is) a conflict which will continue to occur, and is a problem which will also be further developed later within the unfolding of this introductory narrative, but before that conflict becomes too further developed, it may be important to stop and to be clear, once again, about one last source of identification, or to put this another way, to identify another conflict, or—if this conflict isn't another conflict and is instead a similar conflict—to attempt to make a distinction. It may be important to try to locate the setting of this unfolding narrative that's being constructed in medias res, to name another name among an infinite set of names, and to choose this name at random, and therefore, to create the setting of this unfolding narrative, once and for all, meaning the setting being constructed in medias res by The Author, a setting that both was and still is unfolding within both The Author's early work and the setting of the unfolding narrative that's being constructed in medias res. It is a setting that is (and was) often described as the most magical place on Earth, and it likely is the most magical place on Earth, it was, and it will continue to be.

The landscape in question, the one being referred to, the one being constructed in medias res, the landscape is (and was) called Gibsey World.

It is the Wonderful Worlds of Gibsey.

But to project one last final moment of clarity before placing The Author within this particular setting, to differentiate a final problem or conflict which could and/or should be developed and/or addressed, both within this unfolding narrative and by you, my dear and astute reader—especially since a common element of amateurish writing is to provide extraneous examples, to mention conflicts instead of letting them play themselves out within the unfolding of an introductory narrative, what is referred to by less amateurish writers as "telling" rather than "showing"—this conflict, conflict being the basis of any writing, really, or even of any creation myth for that matter, this conflict is (and/or was) an inner conflict for The Author, one which they were unsure they could control or change within themselves, one which was outside of their control, and this specific conflict, the even greater conflict than all of the other mentioned conflicts, if not the conflict which contains all the other conflicts, making it arguably the conflict to end all conflicts, was the continued and sustained loss of their own memories. What this meant was that, no matter how hard they tried, no matter what they did, said, attempted, or wrote, The Author would often realize that over and over again, they were fated to consistently lose many, if not most, and inevitably even quite possibly all of their memories. Now, to be clear, this loss of memory itself, it being guaranteed and fated to continually occur, the inner conflict for The Author wasn't, in fact, whether or not they could or couldn't remember something at any given time since this occurrence was fated to occur and reoccur, continually, but instead, the conflict was whether or not this loss of memory—and its inevitability—was a positive or a negative occurrence, or to put it another way, whether this loss of memory itself was a blessing or a curse, or to put it yet another way, it wasn't the loss of their memories that conflicted The Author, but instead, it was how they should perceive such a loss, knowing that the loss itself would always be inevitable, and oftentimes, they would notice, while in contemplation of this conflict, or while reflecting about it, upon reflection, they'd notice that they'd often find themselves losing their train of thought, causing them to forget what it was they were thinking about to begin with, even who they once were or even still are, oftentimes entirely, which would then lead them to feel even more conflicted than they'd initially felt to begin with, without knowing or remembering what or why it was they'd felt conflicted about in the first place, leaving them without a starting point or landscape with which to place themselves within, whatsoever.

--- CHUNK: TA_003 | Pages 98-102 | Tier 1 | Tags: AL, IR, SP ---
And this has already occurred, and is still occurring, all the time, everywhere they go, unfolding, like a subject, like a name being selected among an infinite set of names.

They're continually having to remind themselves who it is that they are.

And they do this, have to do this, all the time.

They are like a narrative that's being constructed in medias res, like a film being projected onto a screen, like a game that's being repeatedly played and developed, like a script in the process of creating itself and that's still in the process of creating itself, and that's still occurring and reoccurring, that's an—

Interior.

Landscape.

Movie Theater.

Main Square Cinema U.S.A.

The Author is an interior.

The Author is a landscape.

The Author is an interior landscape.

The Author is in an interior, a landscape.

The Author has placed themselves within an interior landscape, a movie theater, the Main Square Cinema U.S.A, near the entrance to Gibsey World's premier theme park, The Magical Dominion.

The Author is a camera, a screen.

And there's a hole at the center of their being, an awareness, an inwardness, and they're occasionally aware of this inwardness, this hollow space, this scene, that within the location of their film set, that they're both audience and filmmaker, and both are staring at the other, trying to catch a glimpse of the other staring, but both are never able to see the full frame of it all, not all at once, as it comes into view, into focus. And they've realized, repeatedly, that they're not the only one that's staring, self-narrating, thinking themselves into being. There are other voices within the movie theater, on set, within the frame, on screen, other images, even entire other worlds, more varieties of voices and worlds than they can even observe, let alone name. Every object, every light, every twinkling molecule and spiraling staircase of DNA, a character in this endlessly written script, this set of information, this series of codes and on and off switches, data, forever scrolling, observing itself, looking continually inward and outward, both at the same time, pondering, looping, and starting over again.

It begins with an interior.

Interior.

Landscape.

Movie Theater.

Main Square Cinema U.S.A.

Main Square U.S.A.

The Magical Dominion.

The Wonderful Worlds of Gibsey.

Opening Credits.

The Author stands and stares at the screens, at a set of screens, and the first thing they notice on the screens is a title, or a set of titles, or a series of accumulating titles, the same title, The Entrance Way: Into The Wonderful Worlds of Gibsey, which they realize is fitting as a title of the film they're watching since they live within an amusement park, after all, but there's a dim impression that something's not quite right, something's off with the screens, or within the screens, with the title, within the title.

Something's off.

Something or someone's messed with the images.

Something has been removed.

They know this.

They remember.

An author, The Author, stands against a railing watching screens, staring at projected images, hypnotized, as if in trance. They appear to be in a movie theater, but it isn't a movie theater, at least not exactly. It's more of a place for them to stand and watch, for them to stand and observe the landscape. They're staring at two separate screens before them, both at once, one on the right, and one on the left, differentiated, like a set of bifurcated divisions, like polarized light, like a set of choices made in order to establish the structure of a game, or a tutorial, or like a pair of eyes, blinking, like two rectangles, themselves four sets of right angles, split, repeated, separated into the two perforated screens of a viewfinder, a set of images.

Click.

Outside, between the two rectangled images, between the two screens, are a set of plastic, red-oak, Greek-style pillars. A dark-red curtain, gold lining its bottom edge, sits behind the pillars, and underneath this curtain, on either sides of the two screens, are sets of shopping and display items, likely from the winter season of the park: sweatshirts with Dickey Dog head prints, generic long-sleeve t-shirts with the Gibsey World logo, navy travel mugs, white t-shirts with images of the American flag, baseball caps, sets of table glasses with images of Dickey and Daisey Dog printed on them.

The Author stands elevated above the wood-flooring of the Main Square Cinema USA building on top of a platform intended as a space for park goers to stand and observe the two screens before them, as well as the merchandising in front of these two screens. The platform is made up of 3/5ths of a circle, the other two 1/5ths being the 3 steps leading down to the wood-flooring, each to the left and right of the platform, which are perpendicular to the screens, each step having, also on the left and right of their surface, a set of dim, rectangular, plastic LED stage lights. Still facing the screens, The Author realizes they need to make a decision about which set of steps they should walk down: left or right? They make this choice arbitrarily, without thought, and in doing so, they make a choice which is outside of their control.

They decide to step down the set on their right.

After stepping down from the platform, they stand, waiting, and they continue to stand, waiting, watching the screens, waiting for another title to appear, or another set of titles, but nothing appears.

Nothing does.

The screens remain blank, black, and empty.

Nothing appears.

Nothing?

There's nobody here.

And this thought is as immediate as the awareness that comes with it.

There's nobody here.

There's nobody here.

They're entirely and immobilizingly alone.

--- CHUNK: TA_004 | Pages 103-105 | Tier 2 | Tags: IR ---
Although not entirely amnesiac, they're often forgetful, and they don't remember exactly where they are or who they are, let alone who they once were before coming here to inhabit this environment, this landscape.

They don't remember the ever-changing, continually adapted, continually updated, endlessly written portrait, self-portrait, diegetic, non-diegetic, live-action, animated, movie, film, book, novel, epic-poem, cartoon, digital, part-video-game, part-visual-novel, art project, multimodal, multimedia experience that they'd originally been the creator of, and which they were (and are) the author of, the novel experience for which they were and still are often known: The Wonderful Worlds of Gibsey.

They've forgotten all about it.

And they're still forgetting.

There are many things which they won't and don't remember.

They don't remember their age or their gender.

They don't remember the checkerboarded top half of the maroon fence in the backyard where they grew up.

They don't remember that before it spread like a virus, subsuming, not just the country of its origin, but all civilizations, Gibsey World first began as an amusement park, and it still exists as an amusement park.

They don't remember.

They don't remember the silence of the room at the end of the day when they'd stared out at the large screen-like surface of the window, down at the highway below them—highways being an important image in The Author's work since highways contain so much—the speed, the spread of the highways, scrolling, the ubiquity of transportation systems, as well as Gibsey's obsession with trains, the impetus of Gibseyland coming to their mind, meaning to Gibsey, iconically and ironically while watching the orbital loop of a train set, or was it a carousel?

They don't remember the similarities between carousels and railroads, the similarities between wheels and control systems, all of these being different forms of technology and power. They don't remember that they're standing in The Main Square Cinema U.S.A in the early morning at one of the park's first areas near the Entrance Way of Gibsey World's premiere landscape, The Magical Dominion. They don't remember the clean, dry touch of the paper they'll hold against their fingertips, the manuscript, once they've finished it all, which they've held, or will hold, within their shaking hands, when it's all over, after it's all, finally, over.

They don't remember that nothing is coming back onto the screens because they're blank, black, and empty, which makes no sense, whatsoever, because this is Gibsey World, after all, and in Gibsey World, nothing is ever blank, black, or empty, nothing is ever turned off, the lights are always on, forever, infinitely, terrifyingly always, horribly ON.

They don't remember because they aren't present.

They often aren't present.

Who can be within this state of things?

It's difficult to be present and aware with the past and future always looping, circling itself, always pushing one to and fro, like a ride-vehicle, like a transportation system, backward and forward, through space, amorphous, material, immaterial, and infinite.

All they can remember is that, since they are The Author, after all, they're supposed to be writing but they aren't writing, and they really, really want to be writing.

They do.

There's just never enough time, is there? Never enough time to write, and for a writer, for an author, The Author, they're often caught repeating themselves, aren't they? Always, often, often, always, repeating themselves.

They don't remember why they're here, specifically, or why there's nobody else here for that matter. And surely this sort of thing has happened to others before, hasn't it? Haven't we all walked into some room not knowing why we came there? Haven't we all woken up in a familiar place that suddenly shook us awake into some unknown world, into a grasping, temporarily terrifying unfamiliarity, and where does that familiarity go?

And where do its memories escape to?

What are the landscapes that it inhabits?

They don't remember.

--- CHUNK: TA_005 | Pages 106-108 | Tier 3 | Tags: IR, MO ---
They don't remember the eerie feeling that's produced when a landscape is emptied which is supposed to be filled, or when a landscape is filled which is supposed to be emptied.

And they are this landscape.

They just don't remember.

But they do know they're supposed to be doing something here, within this landscape.

They know this to be true.

They just don't know what it is exactly that they're supposed to be doing here. There's a repetitive sense of lost time passing without the awareness of what time has been lost, or why the time that's been lost has been lost, or why it's even in the process of losing itself, the time, if that is, in fact, what's even happening, which they are unsure of, because they can't remember. It's just gone, or seems to be gone, the time, and whatever it is, or was, they don't, or can't, remember.

They don't remember being within the frame, being on the screens, being on both of the screens.

And they're on screen, within the screens, the many screens, but they don't remember.

They don't remember their place, their specific place, within the progression of the unfolding narrative.

They're always forgetting.

They don't remember that time itself is an unfolding narrative. It tells of an author, The Author, The Author of a film that's being created by an author, a film that's forever being screened, at all times, that's always being made and remade, that's always being played, always screening through the ever-expanding terrains of this amusement park, inside and outside of Malt Gibsey World, though now nothing exists outside Gibsey World, a film that—much like their own work—is also called, The Wonderful Worlds of Gibsey.

They don't remember that this film is a work of adaptation that's intended to reflect the reality of their world, a theme park.

It is a park of themes.

It's a reality show as film. It's a filmed reality, a captured reality, the film itself being somewhat of a remake of that Gibseyan classic The Truman Show since, like all narratives, it involves a set constructed around a character without their knowledge, one which they didn't know was being constructed around them, that they're unaware of, or which they can't remember, one which was outside of their control.

It's a film that's always being both shot and screened, at all times, at the same time, and both are always being done simultaneously. It's a film that never ends, that's always screening, always streaming, and anyone, any character or object anywhere within the park, can become the subject of the unfolding film, arbitrarily. Though, admittedly, certain subjects will become used more repetitiously than others, as the film continues, will become named and identified more specifically than the others, and these characters, these subjects, these themes, these arbitrarily selected individuals, will become, and do become, the central characters and landscapes of the film itself, The Wonderful Worlds of Gibsey.

And The Author is one of these characters, though they've forgotten that they are.

They're always forgetting that they are, aren't they?

Always forgetting.

They don't remember.

--- CHUNK: TA_006 | Pages 109-111 | Tier 4 | Tags: IR ---
They don't remember the grass, the metal fence, or the shed in their grandparent's backyard.

They were younger then.

Opposite the fence stood a clothesline, one which they'd never seen used before. Clotheslines were no longer commonly used then, and only a few memories about them are even still left. They didn't know the purpose that clotheslines served, and would find out later, though also, as always, they would also forget. As a child, they liked to jump up, grab, and swing from each end of the clothesline's metal poles. They enjoyed the twist of the metal, the soft, chalk-like touch it gave their hands, the way it lingered on their palms after they'd swung off and away from it. They never swung from the line itself, but instead swung from the metal poles that held the clothesline together, on each end, the poles that stretched the white line of the clothesline taut, between two points. They would often kick a ball through the lines and into the other rows, and even though they had no opponent, and they were alone, everyone and everything, when they played this game, was always against them.

This was how they played the game.

A knobby, gnarled oak tree twisted up in the middle of the backyard. Its branches slithered out like petrified snakes marching towards the sky. They thrust the ball at the knobby center of the oak tree's trunk and back at themselves. Sometimes, when they didn't quite hit the knobby center correctly, the ball would ricochet and bounce to the left or right, depending on where it landed against the oak tree's knobby center. There was no telling where it would go, and there's nothing they could do to predict where it would end up once they thrust the ball, forever forward.

But they wanted to hit the knob of the tree correctly.

They needed to.

This is important to them.

And they do.

They will.

And there were and are so many other backyards, so many other landscapes and images, so many other places where they played, where they will continue to play, where they pretended, and where they will continue to pretend.

And there are so many more to go.

Another backyard, this one more recent, lying on the ground, among dirt and grass, their two dogs milling about, brightly sunlit, their body both in and out of layers of shade and sunlight, returning to the earth.

The Author is micro-dosing, though, weirdly enough, this time, "micro" doesn't quite feel like the word they'd use to describe their experience.

Maybe they took more than they'd realized?

They want to be in the ground, to become the ground, to become the backyard.

It's better, less terrifying and safer, oftentimes, to be in the backyard, rather than to be the backyard, after all.

They remember the opening shot of Blue Velvet, another Gibseyan classic, the camera panning down, underground, underneath, into the dirt, into the ground, the earth, the ants scurrying. There's a darkness beneath the earth. They often forget this. All they feel is blank, black, existential mirth, lying there, bathed under blankets of sunlight and shadow, dazed, blinking, purple-blue-orange-red light, dots of stars scattering underneath their eyelids, under the backyard and over the backyard, together, both, elated.

This experience overwhelms them.

Their partner comes and lays down next to them.

Blue hair, softness of skin, dead, digging, dirt below.

They're truly more content than they've been in a long time.

The backyard landscape, this backyard landscape, is like a window, is like a screen, is like an image that's laid beneath a frame.

It's a hunger.

They love their dogs.

Ferris, their half-poodle-half-terrier, comes up to them, now that they're on the same level, ground-level, and licks their faces. Posey, their white schnauzer, sniffs around the backyard, searching for new smells and experiences.

The Author feels as if they've dreamed this all before.

And maybe they have, or did, or will.

--- CHUNK: TA_007 | Pages 112-113 | Tier 4 | Tags: AL ---
It's an August afternoon.

They're seated before their black, stained, IKEA kitchen table in Bastrop, Texas, living alone, unmarried, notebook in hand. They're performing the useless action The Author often performs within their notebooks: making plans, scribbling notes, writing to write, and never looking back at any of it ever again.

Fucking useless waste it all is.

They plan what they'll do later in their writing during this process, within their notebook. It is a useless process. They want to develop the skills anyone wants to develop within any craft. They want to develop forms of focused attention, and in particular, their plan today is to create various kinds of landscapes, to move in and out of various landscapes.

"Written landscapes."

They write this title, this phrase, down between the two blue lines that stretch across their notebook paper with a bright, green, number 2 mechanical pencil that's missing an eraser. They have to be cautious of not moving their hand across the page too quickly in case the lead spills out the other end.

"Landscapes are characters and characters are landscapes."

They continue writing.

"Create pockets of focused attention and awareness, like any artist, any painter or photographer, or filmmaker showing up at a scene to focus their attention on a given landscape to project an image. This is an exercise."

But they don't finish the exercise.

They stop.

They instead make a plan to finish the exercise later.

But they never finish the exercise.

And they're always doing this, aren't they?

They never finish anything.

They're always forgetting.

They're always planning and never finish anything.

They don't remember.

They don't remember that exercises can be connected, combined, that all art, any form of it, is a series of interconnected images, exercises, a set of interconnected landscapes, performances, arbitrary choices and connections made within a particular place and time, or given to them, found at a particular place in time, like beginning in a backyard, any backyard, any name or identity to be selected among an infinite set of possibilities.

They think of a cliché situation they've experienced so many times before, some assumptive friend or family member standing next to them in front of some painting in some museum, some landscape, or at least a form of a landscape, saying something like that eternally repeated phrase: "I could have done that."

And they're right.

They could have.

And they did.

The Author doesn't want to say it to them at the time, doesn't want to repeat that oft repeated reply, "But you didn't, did you?"

Because who can even say they didn't?

Didn't they observe the landscape?

What they want to say—or what they wanted to say—is that it's the unique connections made across time and space, which are still in the process of being made, becoming, and the connections between these connections, repeated, fragmented, the chords of these connections tangling and crisscrossing over themselves, multiplying themselves, that is what gives the landscapes their meaning.

They wanted to say this, at least at the time they wanted to say this.

But they never did.

They never do.

They forget.

And they're still forgetting.

They're always forgetting.

--- CHUNK: TA_008 | Pages 114-116 | Tier 3 | Tags: IR ---
No experience is ever exactly the same, no landscape. Every landscape is unique, every backyard. Every single one of them.

It begins, again, back at the beginning of the backyard, at the beginning of their relationship with their partner. They met the day after Christmas, their birthday only a few days away, at—stereotypically—a coffee shop. Their partner's bangs were shorter then, cut in a mini-fringe-style they often remember. Well, wait. No. That's not where it all begins, or began. Not exactly. That's just where—well, maybe it is, considering arbitrary connections or how one considers the unspoken—but it's better to save that beginning for another time, another frame, another beginning, and to move to a different time, another image, scrolling much, much further back, back to before The Author was even alive, back when they were a glint in their father's eye, or their mother's eye, as they say, or even further back than that, going down generations, skipping around through genetic connections, twirling strands, spinning rides, or even further than that beginning, beginning again with the first forms of life that pulled themselves from the slime, the backyard of the universe, where it all began, or according to other myths, other images, certain apples being consumed, a great island above the clouds, a yawning nothingness, born, sputtering, from a mouth, big bangs, constant expansion.

Oh, great Gibsey, there's so much to do and think about at any given time, so many things to connect to one another. Too many, much, much too much to think about, too many names to name or identify, too many landscapes to observe, but the point taken, the given point, their given point, where it all begins, where it all began, is like a dot on a map—you are here—it's all further backwards, backward, backyard, and the backyard unravels, corkscrew-like, down the ladder of all time. They don't remember what it is that they're looking for.

And what they're looking for, which they will never find, isn't only a landscape, but the landscape, the landscape of all landscapes, one which connects, or will connect, to all other landscapes, a central point, a major map of all space and time, the world in a grain of salt, eternity in 59 minutes and 32 seconds, arbitrary connections, spiraling, all the way down.

But they will never find it.

Because they don't remember.

And this landscape, the landscape in question, it's like a tag in a screenplay. It's like two tags combined within a screenplay. It's both an interior and an exterior, like a camera that's panning out, wide lensed, to capture it all at once, from every conceivable angle.

It likely has to do with attention, or lack thereof, disordering deficits doing what they do best.

They're forgetting.

It begins with an interior, within an interior.

The lime-green walls of a psychiatrist's office where, in Jr. High, The Author was diagnosed with ADHD. Their grades were slipping down below acceptable thresholds and their mother wasn't having any of it.

There had to be some sort of explanation.

"They'll either sink or swim," the Texas History teacher said (and yes astute reader, you read that correctly, this was an actual class at the time: Texas History) during the parent-teacher conference, this being a hint of another interior and exterior, drifting further down into the waves, or rising above them, selfhood, if any was at all possible within such a localized environment.

There just isn't enough time, is there?

Interesting how the brain itself is a landscape which maps itself upon itself, synapses firing like cars on a highway, random memories stored like data on a CPU: Remember the Alamo, Jim Bowie's knife, San Jacinto, the violence of independence.

Maybe educators should just build time machines for their more unmotivated students, or wait for the time machine of life to do its own work, to thrust them, to project them, forever forward, or backward, depending on one's angle, to wait until a later point in the unfolding narrative, when the timeline starts to unwind and scurry about, when the landscape of the brain ignites like a Christmas tree coming alight on the Fourth of July, like lines of people, crowded together, waiting, for a firework show to begin.

There is no landscape that isn't perceived, and being perceived is what creates a given landscape.

And the true terror of experience is that you can create them, any landscape that you want, you can pretend them into existence, you can manifest them, any landscape, at any given time.

And any landscape is all other landscapes.

So, where to begin?

Where to begin.

--- CHUNK: TA_009 | Pages 117-118 | Tier 3 | Tags: MO, IR ---
The Author and their sister used to play The Game of Life, a board game that involved simulating many popularly accepted as essential life experiences: going to college, having children, getting a job, changing careers, buying a home, and ending up at an old folks center.

A very strange and surreal fucking board game to say the least.

When playing The Game of Life, one of its most iconic features is a plastic spinner in the center of the game board. The clicking twirl of its rainbow wheel spinning in place, musical when mixed with the deep suspicion that your sister might have cheated in her shuffling of the cards she's about to read from, cards which will then determine the game of your own life for you.

Twirl, twirl, twirl the spinner on the board.

You place the blue or pink pieces into their positions within the cars and drive them around the game board.

You perform a whole life across the course of this game.

The spokes of a wheel, 1–10, the spinner in the center, a random number generator of fate, and each number on the spinner is a different position, a different landscape that will be reached arbitrarily, but there is a system to the game being played, a structure, an organization, an institution, the spinner.

Only 10 options are available, each turn, when you move within the game. Movement from place to place.

Movement between landscapes, between myths, a game board.

The Game of Life is a mask meant to be worn, to be played, a performance.

Overhead POV shot of the spinner at the center of the game board as it twirls, like a wheel of fortune, or like a carousel, like an object staring out at the participants as they stare back into it, and play.

Within the backyard of their parent's home, where their parents still live, there is a landscape where they often go within their dreams, their backyard.

Their father sets up a tent to camp out in, all for play, temporarily, for the evening, in the backyard. They grip a partially translucent flashlight with bigger batteries than they've ever seen, and they notice that the batteries clunk against each end like an empty rainstick.

Their father tells them improvised ghost stories under lamplight, grimacing, the light of the stars above too intimidated, too overwhelmed by the city's ever-expanding constellations.

So many lights, like so many names—a common problem in amateur writing.

Constellations.

They sleep on an itchy cot and listen to the mantra-like hum of the cicadas pulsing in the neighborhood, moving in and out of sleep, the sound of their father's grunting snores, probably not the best sound to be broadcasting to the neighborhood, the cot crunching against polyurethane as they turn over in the night. The next morning, they peacefully come awake into the mid-morning heat, early sunlight peeking in through the tent's clear plastic. They wake up, sweaty, on a cot in the Texas heat, for no reason other than to play a game in the backyard.

To play a game in a backyard.

And they loved it.

They loved playing this game.

They wanted to do it again.

For months, they asked and asked if they could do it again, and they were always told they would, but they never did. They never did it a second time, at least not that they can remember.

They don't remember.

They don't remember.

They don't.

--- CHUNK: TA_010 | Pages 119-120 | Tier 2 | Tags: AL, MO ---
They don't remember the voices ringing out.

The voices.

The voices ringing out.

They're always ringing out.

Remember?

Aren't they?

"Once more, one more time, again!"

"Remember?"

It's in the air.

Can you feel it?

Movement from place to place, cycles, lists of options, choices, transportation systems, beginnings and endings, restarts, restorations, false starts, repetitions, voices, visions, expositions, adaptations, all that data to be collected and recollected, recorded, blurred, blurring, and being blurred again.

All the screens shine across all the various landscapes.

Announcements are made.

"Keep your arms and legs inside the vehicle at all times."

Charts, maps, guides.

The Magical Dominion.

A title card is arbitrarily chosen and read, out loud, back at the beginning.

Opening Credits.

The sequence begins, or starts to begin again.

It comes in tens, or maybe elevens, depending on how one considers the unspoken, ten being the number of spokes on the wheel of the city's planning, the wheel, a wheel being the structure of the park's central hub, being the 10th card in the Tarot deck, forced perspective, turning, from place to place, from A to B, systems of control, city planning, imagined landscapes, games of life, random cards, all those maps plastered up on all the walls, the many walls, the windows, Malt Gibsey, representations of possible pasts, presents, and futures, worlds within worlds within worlds.

And where to begin?

It's in the air.

--- CHUNK: TA_011 | Pages 121-122 | Tier 2 | Tags: AL, IR ---
All of Gibsey World's cast members and landscapes, its phrases, words, ideas, thoughts, voices, all of them, could each be lifted out and replaced, moved, transferred, bodies and faces, clones of one another, remakes, copies and originals, myths, told and retold, both self-similar and separate from each other, and which one would be which? Which one would they become?

And they are often moved, the cast members, the landscapes, are transported, shuffled, like cards, forever in a state of becoming themselves, replacing themselves, processing and reprocessing the terror of their own unlimited growth.

In reality, The Author of The Wonderful Worlds of Gibsey, that notorious park of themes, that epic of a poem, was once a teacher, an educator, or at least once worked as a teacher within their daily life before becoming The Author.

It's a Wednesday, and they're starting, at the beginning of their class, on a day, the day, arbitrarily, where they will discuss introductions within essay writing and the purposes they serve.

"Introductions are meant to define and redefine the entirety of everything that's to come," The Author says this to their students.

The entirety?

The entirety?

This may be asking much too much out of them?

An entirety is that which can only be accessed in parts, in pieces, that which can be gleaned, inferred, unspoken, or repeated.

The theme song begins.

And all songs are theme songs, songs of themes, theme parks, parks of themes, imaginary landscapes, recordings, records of time, memories skipping from place to place, chords being strung and restrung, back, across themselves, from B back to A, remember?

--- CHUNK: TA_012 | Page 123 | Tier 1 | Tags: AL ---
Nostalgia unwinds like taffy around a belt.

Nostalgia for the present, for the future, for a past which has never occurred, a false Gibstory, what should have been rather than what was, fragments, fantasies, themes.

And this nostalgia, it becomes a reality, the reality, replaces reality. It conquers it. It's like a theme park that's consumed an entire civilization. It's like a mind, empty, at the end of all time, wandering through a landscape that it doesn't recognize, or that it doesn't remember.

But The Author isn't the only character on this set that's thinking themselves into being.

There are others, so many others, too many others, much, much too much, too many others to be heard at once, let alone named at once, so many others that we may have to—

