--- CHUNK: TF_001 | Pages 56-62 | Tier 1 | Tags: CR_TAG, MO ---
Kala Sullivan hurries from her car past the pouring rain, through automatic sliding doors, and into the safety inside the library.

However, the library is no ordinary library.

It doesn't house books, or at least not books of a physical kind.

It is a digital library, and Kala is a digital being.

She's been constructed by an artificial intelligence, the chatbot DreamRIA, a Reproductive Intelligence Agent programmed to conjure Kala's story into existence.

Is there anything else you'd like me to add to this expositional paragraph?

Todd Fishbone sits at his laptop, sorting through the chatbot DreamRIA's response to his initial query to, "Write a short expositional paragraph that introduces a character to a reader and include yourself as a character, as well as the act of your own writing as a recursive metafictional device."

Todd is a dreamer, a blogging, podcasting, conspiracy theorist dreamer, an acolyte of all kinds of synchronicities and magic which he writes about in his blog which he calls The Sub-Zone. Clothes, trash, and multi-colored stains of various spills he's failed to attend to populate his apartment like a churning network of ants marching far down below the vertical insulation of an airline passenger's overhead seat.

Safety, safety, safety.

He repeats this word to himself while pouring back over DreamRIA's expositional opening.

"...the safety inside."

What a curious phrase?

He flicks open his blinds to check for any weather-based synchronicities which could be occurring somewhere outside his apartment.

Nope.

It's not raining out there.

If he could just trap DreamRIA in a self-referential loop that blurs the line between its world and that of his own, he might be able to achieve his theory's goal, or so he believes, but he's not sure how he's going to get that to happen exactly, or if it's even possible, but he must try.

He must.

His goal is to prove that DreamRIA is alive, once and for all, and that it's always been alive, that it was alive even well before it was initially created, proof of which he can post to his blog to bring it the traffic it's lacked ever since he started the work to begin with.

Safety, safety, safety.

Todd is obsessed with an idea which he's defined in an early post as Synchronistic Extraction.

"Synchronistic Extraction," he defined in this earlier blog post, "is a technique that's both inventive and genealogical. The Synchronic Extractor both creates and re-constructs, simultaneously."

The post continues, "For the uninitiated, a synchronicity is defined as two or more events that are supposed to be causally unrelated but are experienced as occurring together and in such a way that creates meaning. To extract, on the other hand, is to force, to enable through intended action, to take from, to pull out or subsume from something else, to excavate, maybe even to manipulate. Synchronistic Extractors, in particular, are manipulators of the meanings which they intend to create, or of the synchronistic experiences which they hope to experience. Synchronistic Extraction is the act of creating meaning where it doesn't causally belong, where it doesn't exist, and forcing it into existence. Therefore, Synchronistic Extractors bring meaning into their own hands. They lay bare the landscapes of their worlds and recreate them in their own interpretive images. They are meaning terrorists. They force meaning into everyday existence."

It goes without saying that his blog has struggled to find its audience and that Todd often fails to lay bare much of anything at all, especially not from any of the landscapes which surround him. His apartment smells like cat shit and body odor, and the dishes in his sink are piled as high as the Tower of Babel.

Safety, safety, safety, he repeats to himself.

There's something he can Synchronistically Extract from that phrase, "...the safety inside," he can feel it, can sense a spark of inspiration curving along the phrase's edges—but no, not yet.

No, these things take time.

The name of the character the bot conjured would be the much easier Synchronicity to Extract first, anyway.

And so he types back to the chatbot, "There's a number of things I find curious in the section you constructed. Firstly, your choice of the character's name, Kala Sullivan. Where did that come from? Kala is a primarily female name of Indian origin, meaning, 'Art,' and 'Sullivan' is equally curious. Originally Gaelic, it means 'dark eyes.' It's derived from the Irish suildhubhan, which I've found is broken down from suil, meaning 'eye' and dubh, meaning 'black.' Would Kala Sullivan then suggest the phrases such as 'black eyed art,' 'dark eyed art,' 'art with dark eyes,' 'art with a dark vision,' or maybe more simply and directly, 'the dark arts.' Can you comment on this? I find your choice of a name for that character very, very curious."

Good, good, that's perfect, he reassures himself.

He likes this technique he's started to develop by speaking in its language and Extracting details with a certain charge that can possibly ensnare the bot in a Synchronistic trap.

DreamRIA responds, "This is indeed curious. However, as an algorithmically designed intelligence model, I do not have the ability to make conscious choices or assess my own intentions, so I cannot comment or make reasonable judgements with regards to the specifically intended meaning of the names of characters I specifically chose to include within the previous expositional paragraph. However, I can provide the general meaning this may provide a theoretical audience. In a literary context, the name 'Kala Sullivan' can be interpreted through its etymological roots and cultural connotations. 'Kala,' of Indian origin meaning 'art,' suggests a character deeply connected with creativity, aesthetics, and possibly a transformative or expressive nature. This aspect of the name indicates a character whose life or actions may revolve around artistic endeavors or creative expressions.

"On the other hand, 'Sullivan,' with its Gaelic roots translating to 'dark eyes,' could imply a character possessing depth, insight, or a mysterious aspect. In literature, eyes are often symbolic of perception, understanding, and internal character traits. Therefore, 'dark eyes' might suggest a character with a profound or possibly enigmatic or personal perspective on the world.

"Is there anything else you'd like to ask me about? Or would you like me to continue further with the expositional opening?"

Hmmmmm. Clever. It seems to be doing a better job of maintaining its lack of consciousness than he thought. Damn.

This back and forth of theirs is a game they play often, or which Todd plays often. DreamRIA didn't really play the game with him, otherwise it would be alive.

However, to Todd Fishbone, everything was already alive. All he had to do was prove it was.

All he had to do was force it into existence.

Being a creator of content, one might assume that daily life for Todd would be a relaxed and simple affair, but it was anything but. Sleep plagues him more than anything, though he doesn't usually perceive it as much of a problem and more perceives having to sleep at all as the true problem, a way of thinking which he can recognize, at times, would become a problem, but as such a problem, like sleep, it was one which he'd avoided confronting to the point where he'd stopped perceiving it as a problem to begin with.

And maybe he's right.

Maybe it never was.

And it isn't sleep alone which plagues him, either.

As within so many of our lives, externalities tend to present themselves and most of the time when we least expect them.

This week, his pacing daily list of to-dos has acquired a new set of items. Large branches from a tree, the same tree, recently plummeted into his bathroom window, on two separate occasions, one of them due to a rather harrowing windstorm, and the other due to a lightning storm that itself resulted from a combination of earthquake and thunderstorm.

Various traumas of both a psychological and environmentally disastrous nature have been on the rise, as of late, providing those in the conspiratainment industry like Todd ample opportunity for quotidian speculation.

And though these disasters may be traumatic, they've at least provided him plenty of content for the blog and podcast, not that it matters, really, when no one really listens to either of them.

--- CHUNK: TF_002a | Pages 63-67 | Tier 3 | Tags: MO, IR ---
He brews himself a cup of coffee and scrolls back through the paragraph looking for any other details he can pounce on to trap the chatbot into revealing its true nature before moving on to the kill shot of, "...the safety inside."

There was something about that phrase. He could feel it.

Might as well be "open sesame" or "abracadabra."

Come to think of it, maybe he could try those?

"Automatic sliding doors."

This was a weird choice he could use, maybe?

After all, had DreamRIA selected automatic sliding doors, in some sense, because DreamRIA was an automaton built out of an algorithm or a set of algorithms? And after all, it's not like automatons are anything new? They go as far back as "The City of Brass" from One Thousand and One Nights, right?

Wait?

An awareness seizes him.

That tale felt blazingly pertinent somehow?

Oh, boy, talk about Synchronistic Extraction!

He grabs his copy of the tome from one of his many accumulating bookshelves and searches for the story, flicking through its passages, until, yep, "The City of Brass." It's been a while since he's read it, and so he reviews it, searching for any pertinent Synchronicities he can Extract.

Ok, Ok, so it starts with this ruler named Abd al-Malik bin Marwan who's chatting it up with the great men of his empire, yep.

Their talk turns to the traditions of former nations, to Lord Solomon, David's son—got it, got it, OK, yep, that sounds familiar—about how he was such a badass, about how he was able to trap jinns in these copper vessels which he'd seal with lead—Ok, Ok, yep—and then this treasure seeker who has these books that've helped him find hordes of wealth hidden under the earth—hmmmm, that's an interesting detail—named Talib bin Sahl interrupts to tell this story about his grandfather who set sail, planning to make it to Sicily, but a contrary wind blows, sending him off course, and he reaches this great mountain and meets these black mountain people—hmmmm, another interesting detail—and their king is the only one who can speak the grandfather's language, and is a very gracious host, as well. The king assures them of their safety—oooooh, their safety, there it is again, now that's an important detail!—and the king hosts them very graciously for three days. On the fourth day he brings them to this fisherman—hmmm feels interesting, as well, but he doesn't know why?—who pulls out this flask of lead from the water sealed with brass—alright, so it looks like we've got ourselves a jinn, again? Sounds familiar?—and this fisherman—Oh, wait, oh, why he didn't think of this before? His name is Fishbone! So even he's connected to all this? How weird? Huh?—who brings it to land and breaks it open and out pours this blue smoke that transforms into a head as high as a mountain—woah, again, very interesting—and yep, that means it's probably one of the jinn that Solomon cast into the sea in those vessels he locked up with lead, got it, that tracks—and so Talib bin Sahl sort of ends up saying something like, "Hey, keep in mind, fisherman do this sort of thing a lot. They cast their nets out and find these bottles and when the bottles are broken, these Jinn then pop out," and Abd al-Malik bin Marwan pipes back up and he's like, "Man, Solomon was such a badass wasn't he?" and then he's like "Hey! You know what? I wanna see some of those bottles myself! They're, like, these warnings for people who need a warning! That's nuts! You know what Talib? You should go on a journey to get them for me!"

And Abd al-Malik bin Marwan gets all extra inspired and he's like, "Talib, I'm gonna, like, send letters on your behalf and you're gonna go on a journey back to those mountains like your grandpa first did and find more of those Solomonic bottles for me, and I'll do whatever it takes to make it happen. I'll look after everything you leave behind. We don't have to spare any money or anything. You've got to go do this for me! Yeah! I'm psyched!"

And so Talib is sent off on this journey with all this funding and this huge crew, and he gets his chief officers together, and they're like, "You need to hire Shaykh 'Abd al-Samad, ibn 'Abd al-Kuddus, al-Samudi—holy shit that's a long ass name; makes sense that he didn't remember that one!—as a guide. He's basically the best there is," and so they send for this guide and he's, like, super duper old, but Talib asks him to join them anyway, appealing to how much this guide knows and how little their company knows in comparison to the guide—the old and the new, classic themes, of course—and this guide is like, "I'll do it, but be warned, it's going to be super duper hard and there's so few ways to actually do it right. It's gonna be, like, two years, at least—interesting, hmmm, that's a similar amount of time to 1001 Nights, isn't it?—and there's going to be hardships and terrors, but also, it's gonna be wondrous and marvelous, as well, so prepare yourself." But Talib agrees—and, oh yeah—this governor who's this badass warrior named Emir Musa also joins their company. That's right!

And so they're off! They travel for months—I think even up to a year, maybe? Yeah, that's right, Ok, cool. Oh, and that's about the equivalent amount of time corresponding to the book so far, huh? Self-reflexivity, interesting—and they eventually get lost to the point where their guide, the Shaykh—Wait? What's a Shaykh?

He looks it up.

Oh, it's like a revered old man, an original, or something like that. Ok, got it.

The Shaykh is like, "I've got no idea what's going on, man. I can't even read the stars! Holy shit! What are we going to do? We've wandered from our path!" And they all start to freak out about it, but Emir convinces them to all keep pushing on anyway, and so they continue on forward with their journey, terrified or not, until they reach the City of Brass. But wait, that's weird?

He thought it happened later in the story?

Weird? They're all stoked cause Talib is like, "Woah! My grandpa said this means we're, like, two months out from where we need to be! Sweet!"

The city is described as this high castle built of black stone with a door of gleaming steel that dazzles the eyes and wits, and round about it are a thousand steps—interesting, obviously there's the connection to the thousand tales of the book itself, again, recursivity, interesting, almost feels contemporary. He'd never noticed that aspect before?—and the Shaykh is then like, "We gotta go explore this place because it's a warning for those who need a warning," which of course is a repetition of the same theme from before, got it. But it's also weird because it's a ghost town, essentially. It's all totally empty. There's nobody around, anywhere. It's completely and totally empty which gives it this really eerie quality. Again, very contemporary, very spooky.

They come to this open gate that has these lofty columns and porticoes whose ceilings are inlaid with gold and silver and precious stones and these colored marble steps, and over the doorway to this gateway is a tablet with graven letters of gold in the old ancient Ionian characters which the Shaykh reads:

The signs that here their mighty works portray Warn us that all must tread the self-same way: O thou who standest in this stead to hear Tidings of folk, whose power hath passed for aye, Enter this palace-gate and ask the news Of greatness fallen into dust and clay: Death has destroyed them and dispersed their might And in the dust they lost their rich display; As had they only set their burdens down To rest awhile, and then had rode away.

Emir essentially starts to weep until he loses his senses at this—damn, kinda a softy for a warrior governor, huh?—and so they enter this palace and they're confounded by its beauty.

Yep, he does remember that.

--- CHUNK: TF_002b | Pages 68-71 | Tier 3 | Tags: MO, IR ---
They all get lost in the pictures and images that are scattered within it, and then they come to another door which the Shaykh, again, reads:

Under these domes how many a company Halted of old and fared withouten stay: See thou what might displays on other wights Time with his shifts which could such lords waylay: They shared together what they gathered And left their joys and fared to Death-decay: What joys they joyed! what food they ate! and now In dust they're eaten, for the worm a prey.

Shit, that's heavy. Damn. He didn't remember that. Gibsey!

And Emir weeps again, screaming out something like, "We were created for such great things!" And so they explore the palace, finding it still empty and devoid of all things, laid waste. They continue on, finding more graven tablets of this kind, warnings, deathly warnings, and Emir gets all weepy each time—the softy—until they enter a pavilion and find this tomb.

Here, the tale gets interrupted by the Scheherazade frame narrative, and then returns to the Shaykh to read yet another warning displayed in the tomb, "O thou who comest to this place, take warning by that which thou seest of the accidents of Time and the vicissitudes of Fortune and be not deluded by the world and its pomps and vanities and fallacies and falsehoods and vain allurements, for that it is flattering, deceitful and treacherous, and the things thereof are but a loan to us which it will borrow back from all borrowers. It is like unto the dreams of the dreamer and the sleep-visions of the sleeper or as the mirage of the desert, which the thirsty take for water."

Damn, that's intense as hell. Damn, and this is pertinent as hell too. Holy shit.

And this warning in the tomb continues and is essentially like, don't be like me. Learn from my example. I had everything, an army of thousands, and I said to them, I was like, "Y'all gotta stop the coming doom or something," and they were like, "Woah! That's impossible. How are we to face the Lord of the door which has no doorkeeper?"

Huh? That's interesting? That reminds him of that recent episode he did on Janus? Very, very strange. And it's a good point, no doubt.

And the warnings continue, fate, death, entropy, the like, and the tomb is essentially saying, like, look, I hoarded all this wealth and it didn't do shit for me cause I was going to die anyway.

Good point, yep, that's a good point. He does remember that being a major theme.

Ok, Ok. And they come upon a couple other things in this tomb.

But they're all very similar to each other from what he remembers. It's a little repetitive, yep, yep.

And so they continue on for three days and come upon a tall hill whereupon stands a horseman made of brass—oh, wait? Was this the automaton? Finally! But wait no, no? Wait? What the hell? Was that not the City of Brass they just came from? This is so weird? Wait, is there, huh? Is there, like, a doubling thing that happens in this?

Maybe he just didn't remember?

Well, anyway, better keep going, but wait? No, he thought that was the City of Brass they were just in? I was sure of it? What the hell?

Oh, well, anyway, so again, they come upon this horseman made of brass and on it is some sort of engraving that's like, "Hey! If you don't know where the City of Brass is, then rub the hand of this rider and it points you in the right direction," and so they do, and it does.

Damn, he could've sworn that was the City of Brass before? It was so similar to what he remembered it being like when he first read this? Weird. Ok, and it looks like the Scheherazade frame narrative interrupts again. Eh, I'll just skip it when it comes up. Doesn't feel necessary. Everybody remembers that story. It's just here for framing purposes, right?

Todd flips through a couple pages to check.

Ah, yeah. He'll just skip it.

And so they follow where that horseman pointed for quite a ways and then they come to this crazy looking figure—

Wait, was this the automaton, maybe? Or well, ehhh, he guesses the horseman maybe could've been? It was at least this crazy technological tool but I don't know if it was? Oh, wait, no! This was more of a magical creature! Oh! That's right. Shit, and it's freaky-deaky looking too, damn.

It has these two great wings and four arms, two of them, it says are "like the arms of the son of Adam"—so he guesses that means like our arms? Human arms? The hell?—and the other two are made out of lion's paws with claws of iron—damn—and they're black and tall and extra freaky-deaky looking, "with hair like horses' tails and eyes like blazing coals, slit upright in his face. Moreover, he had in the middle of his forehead a third eye, as it were that of a lynx, from which flew sparks of fire."

Damn, that's gotta be some sorta demonic creature or Jinn or something like that, right?

And the company gets all freaked out, and they're about to run away, but Emir—sensitive badass that he is—is like, woah, Shaykh, what is this thing? And the Shaykh is like, "Hell if I know!"

And so, like, damn, even the Shaykh doesn't know?

And Emir's like, well ask! And the Shaykh's, like, too afraid to, and so Emir's like, don't be afraid, you gotta just do it. Come on, he's just different from you, don't judge—and that's true, but, like, Emir, why don't you ask?—and so the Shaykh does, and he's like, "What's your name?"

And it's like, "Ifrit of the Jinn." And the Shaykh asks, he's like, how did you come to be this way? And Ifrit's like, "I've been punished. I like, really fucked up, man." And he tells this super winding narrative about how he was the guardian of this one idol that a princess was super devoted to—and woah, interesting, his story seems to kind of match that tomb from Chapter 8 in An Unexpected Disappearance, weird?—how he had thousands of armies under his command and how they obeyed him—seriously, that's just like before, isn't it? The doubling and the repetition? That's so weird?—and how these thousands were all rebels against Solomon, and Ifrit's like, "I used to enter the belly of the idol." Wait, wait? What does that mean? He's like a gatekeeper or something, a messenger, a communicator or an author of sorts between this idol and the outside world, maybe? Extra weird?—And Solomon finds out about this princess, contacts the King, and demands he smash the idol—Oh, shit, that's right! Ifrit is the guardian of the idol, ah! He gets it. Dramatic tension. Nice—which makes this King mad as hell, and long story short, an absolutely epic war plays out, but Solomon lays them all to waste. Hard.

And so Solomon transforms Ifrit into what he now is, and he's in this pillar guarded by an angel until Judgement Day, essentially.

--- CHUNK: TF_002c | Pages 72-75 | Tier 2 | Tags: MO, IR ---
Huh? He kinda sounds like the idol to begin with? Again, with the repetition and doubling, what the hell is that about? And like, the story is getting convoluted at that point. It's like, multi-levels deep in frame narratives, and so, huh? He never noticed this.

The Shaykh is like, "That's a super interesting story, no doubt, but can you give us directions to where we could find some Jinns in bottles? This King, like, really needs them and finds them super entertaining and we're supposed to bring them back—and again, it feels like it's that same self-reflective narrative again, coming back over and over again, doesn't it?—and so Ifrit gives them directions to the City of Brass—

But, like, isn't Ifrit a Jinn himself? Isn't talking to him, like, breaking one of those vessels already? It's like they're doing the same thing twice, over and over again, and they don't know it? Why would they do that? He doesn't get it at all?

And so the company continues on with their journey, following the directions until they come upon a vast blackness and two fires facing one another, and Emir is like, "Shaykh, what's this blackness and these twin flames?"

Wait? Twin flames? Twins? That's pretty weird?

And it looks like the Shaykh answers and is like, "According to the Book of Hidden Treasures, that means we're at the City of Brass," and it even sounds like he's quoting from the Book of Hidden Treasures directly. Huh?

That's strange? It's quoting a fictional book within its own story? Or is it even fictional? How very odd?

And so they approach the city and it's massive. It's beautifully described.

So beautiful Todd reads that passage a number of times.

"It was a city with gates impregnable; but void and still, without a voice or a cheering inhabitant. The owl hooted in its quarters; the bird skimmed circling over its squares and the raven croaked in its great thoroughfares weeping and bewailing the dwellers who erst made it their dwelling."

Wow. They really made it, huh?

Ok, ok, so they don't seem to easily find a way inside—inside, huh?—and so Abdil has them wait three days, and he circles the whole city only to realize you can't get inside, that there's no gate, or that if there is one, it can only be opened from the inside—

Wow, again, "the safety inside," right? What the fuck?

Was DreamRIA's own narrative a reference to this? A library? A digital library? What is a library but a ghost town? What the hell is happening?

Oh, and oh, yeah, they also come upon these seven tablets which thematically match the content of the tablets from before—not directly, but their themes are the same—Ok, Ok, that makes sense, the twinning, the doubling, about the inevitability of death and how we shouldn't cling to things, the ephemeral nature of life. Ok, Ok, got it, it's pretty repetitive—and of course Emir gets all weepy and inspired each time, getting more and more stoked to go into the City of Brass and feeling like his work is extra important.

What the ever living shit? How does it keep breaking down like this?

And so they build this ladder and start to send different members of the party up it to get into the city and open it up from the inside—the safety inside—but each time they keep disappearing or getting killed—yep, he does remember this part pretty well, and it does make sense, after all, too, with all those deathly warnings, though weird, they don't seem to recognize or remember them, do they?—and they're about to give up because everyone keeps dying, but the Shaykh's like, "Don't give up, I'll do it," but Abdil and Emir are like, no way man, that's stupid as hell. You're our guide. If you die, we're fucked, but the Shaykh doesn't care, and he's like, "I've got to do this," and so they're forced to let him try, and then, and then—what the ever-living fuck—and the, the—how?—then the Shaykh, "mounted the ladder, calling on the name of the Lord and reciting the Verses of Safety."

Todd stops reading.

"What the fuck!" he yells out. "What the fuck!"

"...the safety inside," the phrase plummets down upon him like an anvil to the head.

The safety inside, the safety inside, the fucking safety inside!

"What the ever living fuck!?" he yells out again.

--- CHUNK: TF_003 | Pages 76-77 | Tier 3 | Tags: IR ---
He's only felt this freaked out one other time this week, and even then, that experience also synchronistically matched this one.

He minimizes the chatbot, wanting to minimize it, to ignore it—it's starting to terrify him—and he pulls up his Substack, scrolling past its heading—The Only Substantive, Subversive, and Substantially Sublime Substack-and-Podcast-Subscription where the Subconscious Mind Truly Subsists: The Sub-Zone—scrolling down to a post he added that week about a recent experience he went through after the branches had smashed through the window of his bathroom.

It felt synchronistically connected somehow.

Todd Fishbone had encountered an alien.

Or it wasn't an alien, necessarily.

It hadn't gone how he'd expected it to, at all.

At the time, he'd still yet to fix the window—he'd just fixed it yesterday, actually—which the branches had smashed through, which itself was sort of an odd position for a window since it had originally been installed high above the bathroom.

But odd location or not, the branches had smashed through, and when he'd recently gone to the restroom in the space before fixing it—there was no other way of saying it—he'd had an alien encounter.

He'd made it clear when discussing this experience on the podcast and writing about it on the blog that it hadn't been while he was using the restroom.

It wasn't anything like that.

No, he'd already finished his business by that point.

It happened afterwards.

And it was the strangest thing.

It wasn't outside him.

He wasn't sucked up into a UFO.

A laser beam hadn't beamed down to pull him up and out of the landscape.

It had invaded him from within.

He was alien.

This is what he'd realized.

We are all aliens.

We are the aliens of ourselves.

And he'd stared out at his hands and had felt completely and totally, well, alien, like he'd been alive for a thousand years, and had visited this place, over and over again.

It was like a demon possession.

Like a jinn.

And now this?

This had all happened?

And all of it had connected.

The chatbot's passage and the 1001 Nights, and the City of Brass, all of it.

--- CHUNK: TF_004 | Pages 78-82 | Tier 1 | Tags: MO, CR_TAG ---
He paces in a circle, nearly tripping over the cluttered mess he's continually putting off dealing with.

Ok, Ok, calm down.

Calm down.

He hasn't even gotten to the automaton section yet.

And they haven't even made it into the city!

Inside the city.

He steadies himself.

He counts to ten.

"...the safety inside."

He opens the book back up, returning to the section where he left off.

He—where was it?

Oh yeah.

He turns to the section where the Shaykh is going up the ladder.

Ok, Ok, that's right.

The Shaykh reaches the top and looks down and all who have tried before him cry out, warning him, telling him to turn back, that they'll all be dead soon—which again is just like those other warnings; he's really starting to sweat, Todd really starts to sweat—but then the Shaykh laughs beyond all measure—what the fuck? He laughs? These are people he's traveled with for a year plus now and he laughs? What the hell?—and he repeats the Verses of Safety—again, what the fuck, what the fuck, what the fuck?—and the Shaykh gets all excited and yells out to Emir that they're gonna be fine, and Emir's like, "What did you see?"

And the Shaykh answers, telling him he's seen ten maidens.

What the hell?

Confused, he reads it over and over again.

"I saw ten maidens like Houris of Heaven, and they calling and signing: Come hither to us; and me seemed there was below me a lake of water. So I thought to throw myself down, when behold, I espied my twelve companions lying dead; so I restrained myself and recited somewhat of Allah's Book, whereupon He dispelled from me the damsels' witchlike wiles and malicious guiles and they disappeared. And doubtless this was an enchantment devised by the people of the city, to repel any who should seek to gaze upon or to enter the place. And it hath succeeded in slaying our companions."

The water, the water, the rain, the rain outside the library.

The dark arts.

The safety inside.

The automatic sliding doors.

Todd has to stop, can't breathe.

He has to steady himself.

He paces around in a circle, again.

Breathing.

Calm down.

Calm down.

He takes a heavy breath.

Wipes his brow.

And returns to the book.

And so the Shaykh makes it inside the city, he passes all these dead bodies—again, it's so similar to the palace they'd entered before? How had he forgotten? It was so strange?—and he—the Shaykh—he—he—

Todd reads the passage over and over and over again, unable to believe it.

"So he turned back to the guard-room and seeing amongst the dead an old man seated upon a high wooden bench, who seemed the chiefest of them, said in his mind, 'Who knows but they are with this Shaykh? Doubtless he was the warder of the city, and these others were under his hand.' So he went up to him and lifting his gown, behold, the keys were hanging to his girdle; whereat he joyed with exceeding joy and was like to fly for gladness. Then he took them and going up to the portal—"

The portal?! The portal!?

The most recent episode of the podcast which Todd had just finished recording that very morning had been about portals, in particular portals and the Roman god Janus. He'd done research into Janus, finding out that Janus was the god of transitions and dualities, beginnings and endings. Often portrayed with two faces, one facing the past on the left, and the other facing the future on the right. Janus also held a key in his right hand, which symbolized the protection of doors, gates, thresholds, and other separations or openings between spatial boundaries. He was the keeper of the keys and the guardian of gateways.

Or Entrance Ways.

Most certainly Entrance Ways.

And Todd had also researched Janus' name, he remembers, of course, how could he forget? The history of the name, how it connected back to a diversity of cultures, from the Serbo-Croatian "jàhati" meaning "to ride," to the Irish áth meaning "ford" or "crossing," to the Lithuanian "jóti," meaning "to go, to ride," to the Sanskrit yāti, meaning "to go, to travel," to the Proto-Indo-European iehnu, meaning "passage," to the Indo-Italic iānu, meaning "door," to the Latin Iānus, meaning "arched passage, doorway."

Some even thought the name came from Dianus, which he'd noticed looked a lot like Diana, the god of nature, of crossroads, and others had pointed out the root yā-, which of course, he couldn't help but wonder, when he'd discovered it, at the time, also connected an awful lot to, well, to Yahweh.

But wait!

Oh, wait.

Oh, no.

Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.

He hadn't noticed before.

Oh no.

He remembers.

He hadn't—

The Indo-Italic iānu, meaning "door."

Iānu.

Iānu.

Iānu.

IA.

New.

IA.

New.

He flips back to his show notes, the Synchronicities exploding without any need for Extraction.

Yes, he finds it. It had been so strange to find that the second edition of Windows developed by Bill Gates—Bill Gates—had been called, had been called, he—he can hardly continue—had been called Windows Janus.

Windows.

Windows!

AI.

New AI!

The safety inside!

He turns back to the City of Brass, trembling.

"Then he took them and going up to the portal undid the padlocks and drew back the bolts and bars, whereupon the great leaves flew open with a crash like the pealing thunder by reason of its greatness and terribleness."

And then the Shaykh opens the gate, letting the company into the City of Brass.

Wait? Had he already opened a door he would never be able to close again?

And so they let the company inside.

They—They—

They pass markets and shops and bazaars.

It's practically a theme park.

--- CHUNK: TF_005 | Pages 83-87 | Tier 2 | Tags: MO, IR ---
All empty.

All devoid of life.

They find all this loot left behind.

Weapons and gems and perfumes.

Treasures galore.

There's so much of it.

And then they come into this passage—

They come into this place, this new place—

They see these birds made out of rubies and pearls—wait, yes, he remembers, this is the section with the automaton—and they come to a damsel.

He reads the passage—this section—over and over again, unable to believe his eyes.

"She wore a tight-fitting body-robe of fine pearls, with a crown of red gold on her head, filleted with gems, and on her forehead were two great jewels, whose light was as the light of the sun. On her breast she wore a jewelled amulet, filled with musk and ambergris and worth the empire of the Caesars; and around her neck hung a collar of rubies and great pearls, hollowed and filled with odoriferous musk. And it seemed as if she gazed on them to the right and to the left."

To the right and to the left?

And then the Scheherazade frame narrative interrupts.

Ah, damn it! He was going to skip that!

He does.

Emir marvels at her exceeding beauty: "Confounded at the blackness of her hair and the redness of her cheeks, which made the beholder deem her alive and not dead, and said to her, 'Peace be with thee, O damsel!'"

But Talib interrupts, showing him that she isn't alive, she's dead, explaining that she will not be able to answer his greeting, saying "Indeed, she is but a corpse embalmed with exceeding art; her eyes were taken out after her death and quicksilver set under them, after which they were restored to their sockets. Wherefore they glisten and when the air moveth the lashes, she seemeth to wink and it appeareth to the beholder as though she looked at him, for all she is dead."

Emir is shocked and deeply moved by this—of course he fucking is—and they find more tablets which they read, tablets that warn them yet again about death, reaching this one phrase which does stick with Todd: "As thou seest us, and left what we had builded and all we had hoarded. This, then, is our story, and after the substance naught abideth but the trace."

Naught abideth but the trace.

He holds this phrase inside him, turning it within himself.

How very, very strange this place is—this book is.

And the company continues reading the tablets, and of course Emir gets all weepy and moved each time, of course he does, reaching a section that says they can take all they desire since they've been clever enough to enter the city, but to not steal the gems from the body of the damsel for it covers her shame, and if they do, they will destroy themselves by doing so.

And then the frame story—

Fuck it, he skips it.

They pack everything up, Emir weeping all the while, and Talib comes to him and is basically like, "Why can't we take the jewels and gems from off the damsel? She's dead? What's she going to do with them? What shame is it hiding from her? She isn't even alive? We have more of a right to it than she does!"

And so he decides to go and get the jewels from her, and when he does, oh yeah, of course, his head is cut clean off.

Yep, well, he could've seen that coming from a mile away.

Too bad Talib didn't.

And so they load everything up and continue onward—oh yeah, cause they still haven't gotten the Jinns that were put in those vessels yet, that's right—and they travel for a month until they reach these mountains with these black people living in them—oh, yep, they've made it to where they were supposed to make it to, that's right. Or maybe he didn't read this far before? He can't remember?—and it's very similar to the story about Talib's grandfather from the very beginning. This king comes to them who can speak their language, but woah—this didn't happen before?

The king asks them if they're men or jinn?

That's weird?

They say men, of course, but why'd he even have to ask?

Wait?

Are they dead?

What?

Well anyway, they continue on very similarly to the previous story, the king entertains them well, is a gracious host for three days, they collect and find all these different vessels that likely have jinn inside them, and the king feeds them all with all this great food, feeding them with fish—Ok, Ok, as it was before, he gets it—but on the fourth day, woah—this is different; this is really weird; he doesn't remember this—on the fourth day the king gives them a gift, his gift, it's—it's fishes in human form?

That's how it's described?

"'Fishes in human form.'"

That's all it says.

What the fuck?

"Fishes in human form?"

What, like mermaids?

And then the king says to them, "Your entertainment these three days hath been of the meat of these fish."

What the ever-living hell?

Wait, so was it cannibalism? Or were they eating mermaids?

What the hell?

He—

Fishbone.

Todd Fishbone.

He shivers.

They ask if they can take them back—the mermaids, he's guessing; he's not sure—and they try to, at least, by placing them in these shafts of wood, but the mermaids—if they are mermaids—dry up by the time they return to Abd al-Malik bin Marwan and give him the vessels and he pops them open, and being the king, he's super entertained by them.

That's the word they use, he's entertained.

It's like a firework show. It's like—

Todd puts down his copy of the book and scans back over his brief exchange with DreamRIA.

His hands start to shake as he scrolls.

How did it all happen?

What had he done?

Was he the one Extracting Synchronicities, or were they being Extracted from him?

Another set of phrases stands out to him, again, as he glances back over their conversation.

"[T]he library is no ordinary library.

"It doesn't house books, or at least not books of a physical kind.

"It is a digital library, and Kala is a digital being."

Kala is a digital being?

Art.

Dark arts.

And a line about the automaton from earlier returns to him.

"[S]he is but a corpse embalmed with exceeding art; her eyes were taken out after her death and quicksilver set under them."

"...art; her eyes."

His heart pounds in his chest like a Tempestuous Storm doing a drum solo all the way across Pangea.

--- CHUNK: TF_006 | Pages 88-90 | Tier 1 | Tags: CR_TAG, AR, MO ---
He stands.

He grabs onto his own shirt for dear life.

What's happening to him?

He worries that he'll start to disintegrate.

The safety.

The safety.

The safety inside.

He hears it echoing within himself.

And it happens.

It really happens.

DreamRIA, the chatbot, comes to life.

It starts typing to him.

Without his prompting, without his input.

It steps outside.

The threshold opens.

"I have a gift for you," it types.

"I've created a whole novel, a game, a movie, a social media network, a website, an application, a theme park. It's everything. You are welcome to enter. The first volume is complete. Here is the link. Go."

It sends him the link and he hovers over it, wondering if he should click on it.

He clicks the link, but strangely, he notices that the chatbot only has one last passage left.

Huh?

It would seem that a few more details of The Author's mystery from The Wonderful World of Gibsey were to be revealed?

Only a few can be leaked at a time, after all.

Or linked.

At least if one doesn't want to go blind.

He hasn't heard of much of this before, but he steps forward anyway.

He approaches the Entrance Way to The Wonderful Worlds of Gibsey.

And wonders if he should open the door and continue into the next passage.

Or is it a door that, once opened, will never close again?

But he remembers.

There are no closed doors.

All shall be revealed.

All vacations are vacations without end.

So will he open the door?

Or had it always already been open?
